---
layout: post
title: "CV"
date: 2017-05-19
published: false
---

An excellent team player, I am creative and imaginative, a fast learner who is always willing to learn more with a positive attitude. I keep up-to-date with modern trends and technologies.

## Objective ⟶
- Digital Designer position in the technology sector where my expertise in web design, graphic design, content publication and email marketing will support the company’s development.

## Summary ⟶
Digital Designer with 7 years of experience in the publishing company, a degree in fine art, and 10 years of customer service experience in the retail industry.
- Proven ability to organise, manage deadlines, and prioritise.
- Established good working relationships with all internal departments, and external clients.
- Skilled in responsive front-end design, HTML responsive email design, graphic design, and content management.
## Skills ⟶  
- HTML, CSS and SASS
- Responsive email and web design, 
- Adobe Creative Suite: Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign 
- Office 365, Google docs
- Operating systems: Windows, Mac OS
- Email marketing tools: dotmailer, eCircle
- SVN: Github and Tortoise
- CMS and databases: phpMyAdmin, Wordpress, Kreatio CMS, Internally built CMS at Law Business Research
- CRM: Workbooks
- Other: Sublime, Notepad ++, Moqups, Trello, Tender, HipChat, FileZilla

## Experience ⟶
### Law Business Research Limited, Notting Hill, London - June 2010 to present
#### Digital Designer - May 2017 to present
 
- Managed release of projects from requirements gathering, testing, and product finalisation whilst making sure key requirements were met within project timeline.
- Creating detailed mock-ups for new page layouts and new features. These would highlight functionality and any design requirements.
- Instructed and managed each page specification with the offshore development company using their project management support system
- Applied responsive designs to the websites, produced using CSS and HTML.
- Designed and created HTML responsive email newsletters per brand as per requirement from stakeholders.
- Produced high-quality lead images, banner adverts and jumbotrons for products.
- Created, managed and updated UAT spreadsheets for new projects. These would contain amendments from various internal teams in the company.
- Q&A tested all of the web pages and functions that the offshore company built. Made sure these were of a high-quality to show the stakeholders.
- Instructed offshore and internal development with new function and website builds.
- Involved in UX requirements for the CMS - detailed usability improvements for the users and instructed offshore development team to action these specifications.
- Managed internal and offshore development support request.
- Provided support and training for the CMS.
 
#### Design and content manager - May 2014 to May 2007
- Managed digital content on the websites. Delegated content to be processed amongst my team. Worked closely with the print production team to make sure deadlines were met.
- Communicated with external clients regarding our content. These included: LexisNexis, Bloomberg and Thomson Reuters. Answered questions and letting them know about new content.
- Liaised with internal departments on a daily basis. These departments included: marketing,  subscriptions, paid-for content, events, print production and management.
- Produced high-quality, responsive HTML emails (created new templates and edited existing templates), banner adverts, lead images and PowerPoint presentations, and sourced image assets.
- Took charge of managing web support (Tender), notified my team members in digital content if any issues required urgent attention. --Identified and delegated which requests would go to the developers, designers or digital content team.
- Project managed the digital content team and kept a record of what had been completed.
 
#### Content Coordinator - May 2011 to May 2014
- Proactively managed web support requests, delegated tasks to development or digital content.
- Designed banner adverts for the websites and email newsletter campaigns for marketing.
- Redesigned the marketing emails for the events and marketing teams.
- Managed the email marketing tool eCircle by scheduling campaigns and address books for all the brands.
- Uploaded biographies and co-publishing articles for all brands at the company to the CMS and SQL databases.
- Managed the people and organisational data in the CMS and SQL databases. Insured that the data was kept clean with no duplicates.
 
#### Junior Content - June 2010 to May 2011
- Dealt with internal web support requests.
- Uploaded biographies and co-publishing articles for all brands at the company to the CMS and SQL databases.
- Edited images to be used in author profiles.
- Scheduled marketing emails and updated email marketing address book lists.
 
### Morrisons, Kingsbridge, Devon - 2007 to 2010
#### Customer Service Assistant
- I learnt the role of supervising a team of up to 12 customer service assistants.
- Responsibility for change requests of the operators and keeping account of the shop floor safe.
- Managed shift patterns and breaks.
- Dealt with customer enquiries and complaints.
- Maintained a high-standard of customer service and set a good example to the team.
- I was trained in health and safety and food hygiene.
- My peers trained me in different departments around the store as I was a fast learner.
 
### Gamestation, London - 2003 to 2006
#### Store Manager 
- Having worked up from sales assistant to manager I was responsible for managing teams of up to 8 shop floor staff. My tasks included recruitment, organising staff rotas and monthly appraisals, ensuring that staff were paid the correct amount. Weekly financial reporting of branch sales figures to senior management, control of stock and end-of-day accounting
- I was recognised for managing one of the best-performing stores in the United Kingdom and regularly exceeded sales targets.
- I became a trouble-shooter manager for ailing stores and turned around two loss-making stores to return profits above targets in a matter of months.
- I worked to maintain customer satisfaction by spending time on the shop floor aiding customers with their purchases and dealing with customer complaints.

## Education ⟶
### BA (Hons) Fine Art in painting and printmaking
Sheffield Hallam University, Sheffield - September 1999 to June 2002
 
#### A-level Photography 
#### A-level Art & Craft
#### BTEC ND in Art & Design
South Devon College, Torquay - September 1997 to June 1999
 
#### 8 GCSEs including English and Maths 
Kingsbridge School, Kingsbridge, Devon - September 1992 to June 2000
  
## Courses ⟶
#### Front-end development - Involving HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript
Steer, London - 11th May 2015 to 15th May 2015
## Activities and Interests ⟶
Interior decorating, DIY, reading, web design, photography, computers, social media (Instagram, Twitter, Facebook), gaming, cinema, travelling; recently visited India and Russia
## References ⟶
Available upon request
 
 
 
  
